docs: write the instructions for UV into the readme file (#15)
seedcase-project/template-data-package: README.md

## Setting things up after cloning

To add uv:

> Delete the pyproject.toml file.
> In the terminal run uv init.
> Look at the Git pane and take what was removed and move it over into the new pyproject.toml file. You can mimic what was done in Seed-beetle.
> In the terminal, run:
> uv add polars pyjanitor
> uv add "seedcase-sprout @ git+<https://github.com/seedcase-project/seedcase-sprout>"
> uv add --dev ruff commitizen pre-commit

Reviewer: ````suggestion
1. Delete the `pyproject.toml` file.
2. In the terminal run `uv init`.
3. Look at the Git pane and take what was removed and move it over into the new `pyproject.toml` file. You can mimic what was done in `example-seed-beetle` repo.

Then, in the terminal, run:

``` bash
uv add polars pyjanitor
uv add "seedcase-sprout @ git+<https://github.com/seedcase-project/seedcase-sprout>"
uv add --dev ruff commitizen pre-commit
```
````
